DAN: Things on Earth were going really well,
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then out of nowhere, we were invaded by
these mysterious and evil Mechtogan
who were intent on destroying everything.
Coredegon
Slycerak
Exostriker
and Mandibor were their names.
And leading them was this clown Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets. Luckily for us, we had our own
secret weapon in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one is going to
take our freedom! Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
JULIE: Welcome viewers, this is your favourite reporter Julie,
coming to you from the happiest place on Earth.
JULIE: Bakugan Land!
JULIE: Built by the Bakugan as a thank-you to the humans...
for welcoming them to Earth, this state of the art...
theme park is a place for families, human and...
Bakugan alike, to come and interact.
It's here that you'll see living proof that the spirit...
of friendship and cooperation can exist between all species...
no matter how different they are.
JULIE: Stay tuned for Bakugan Land like
you've never seen it before.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Battle for Bakugan Land
MARUCHO: Great news, the doctors say Mira is almost...
well enough to go home.
SHUN: Terrific. I was very concerned when she fainted
after working herself so hard. I'm glad it wasn't serious.
SHUN: I haven't seen Dan or Runo all day, have you?
MARUCHO: Dan thought it would be a good idea to show Runo...
around Bakugan City.
SHUN: They're sightseeing?
MARUCHO: No, it's not a casual day out.
Dan's plan is way more strategic than that.
MARUCHO: Since it's Runo's first time here,
and now that she's back on the team and fighting...
alongside of us, Dan thought it would be a good idea...
for her to learn the layout of the town.
The more familiar she is with Bakugan City...
the more effective she'll be in helping us...
to defend against Wiseman.
SHUN: That's a really great strategy.
It seems like no matter where we go,
Wiseman is always getting the drop on us.
Knowing the city inside out, will keep our response time...
to a minimum.
MARUCHO: I wonder if they're on schedule.
Dan mentioned he was going to enlist the help of someone...
who knows every possible corner of the city.
SHUN: Huh, you mean Julie?
RUNO: Whoa! It's even better than I imagined!
What d'ya think?
DAN: Aw, it's totally awesome. The best.
DRAGO: Yes, the best.
REPTAK: The very best!
DRAGO, DAN and REPTAK: [laughter]
JULIE: Cut, cut, cut!
JULIE: You call that natural?
You guys are stiff as boards! Relax a little will you?
DAN: Look Julie, we're all trying our best, okay?
It's just not our thing.
DRAGO: I'd say it's harder than battling.
REPTAK: Huh, no kidding.
JULIE: Enough with your excuses. Can't you follow Runo's lead?
She's doing just fine.
RUNO: 'Cos I'm a natural! [giggles]
DAN: Whatever, besides, we're only here because you said...
you'd help me show Runo around; not force us in front of...
the camera to act in your silly news segment, okay.
JULIE: But I am helping you. Bakugan Land is an iconic...
location so what better place to start the tour, right?
JULIE: Besides, by working in a quick segment,
it keeps the boss off my back and lets me play tour guide.
DAN: Right, I guess, it makes sense.
RUNO: Hey guys if this is such a major attraction...
then why is it totally empty?
JULIE: That is a really good question.
We should get to the bottom of this. Let's go.
FEMALE STAFF: [gasp]
JULIE: Hi! We were wondering if you could answer...
a few questions for us.
FEMALE STAFF: Well, I'm not sure if I'm allowed to,
but I guess there's no harm in it.
JULIE: We noticed that attendance is super low...
at the park today. Is this a regular thing and if so, why?
LITTLE BOY A: Huh?
FEMALE STAFF: It didn't used to be normal.
When we first opened this place it was packed,
but these days people are staying away...
because they're afraid of the Bakugan.
DAN: Afraid?
DRAGO: Of Bakugan?
REPTAK: But why?
RUNO: Yeah, that makes no sense. They're our friends.
FEMALE STAFF: I guess, it's really Wiseman who's to blame...
for everything that's going on.
DAN: What do you mean Wiseman?
FEMALE STAFF: In many of his attacks, Wiseman has been aided
by the Nonet Bakugan and as you know they've unleashed
a horrible amount of destruction upon the city.
And even though they're a rare evil breed,
it's left most people distrustful of all Bakugan.
RUNO: But that's just not fair. Most Bakugan are nothing...
but good and kind.
DRAGO: Of course they are. But all of that is easy for people
to forget when they're afraid.
DAN: That lousy Wiseman! [angry grunt]
LITTLE GIRL A: [frightened squeak]
LITTLE GIRL A: [gasp]
LITTLE GIRL A: [crying]
RUNO, DAN and JULIE: Huh!?
DAN: Did I just do that?
LITTLE GIRL A: Thank-you clown.
JULIE: This is crazy. The Bakugan shouldn't be feared.
We have to get the word out.
Right! Of course!
RUNO: Huh?
JULIE: What a great idea!
JULIE: [panting, running reax]
RUNO: Julie!
DAN: Wait!
JULIE: Check it out, what better image to remind people...
of how humans and Bakugan are friends.
Make sure you get it in the shot behind me...
once we start rolling. Did you get that?
DAMDOS: What's with all the ruckus!
I'm trying to nap over here!
JULIE: [gasp]
DAMDOS: Keep it down!
JULIE: We're here to do a story on the wonderful relationship
that exists between humans and Bakugan.
Can we interview you, sir?
DAMDOS: Not a chance, kid! Now scram!
You're bothering me!
JULIE: What did you say?
DAN: There you are, Julie!
RUNO: Why'd you run away on us like that?
JULIE: I was trying to shoot a piece to remind people that...
Bakugan weren't mean, but then I ran into this grumpy pants.
DAMDOS: I'm not gonna tell you brats again!
Enough with your chit chat. Hit the road!
And don't come back, you hear me?
DAN: What?
REPTAK: What the heck is your problem, pal?
DRAGO: Yes, there's no reason to be so rude.
DAMDOS: Me being rude? I'm not the one waking up peaceful...
Bakugan from their naps. Besides, why are you...
standing up for these lousy humans anyhow?
It's not like they'd do the same for you.
DAN: What are you talking about?
DAMDOS: You humans are only friends when it suits you.
DAMDOS: Back when we first came to live on Earth you were all...
smiles and happiness. You made such a huge production...
of erecting this monument.
CROWD OF PEOPLE: Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
DAMDOS: [grunt exertion reax]
[wild cheers]
DAMDOS: Everyone said: Bakugan and humans could peacefully...
coexist, that they could live together in perfect harmony,
and for a time I actually believed it.
DAMDOS: But not anymore, just look at this place!
JULIE: But this is all just one big misunderstanding!
Don't you get it?
DAN: Julie's right. This is only temporary.
Once we get rid of Wiseman,
people will come to their senses.
DAMDOS: Don't you get it? By then the damage will be done,
and it will be too late to fix it,
so why fight the inevitable?
DAMDOS: Humans and Bakugan living together happily...
ever after, was nothing more than an illusion.
DAMDOS: Just a silly dream.
DAN: Hold on...
JULIE: There's nothing silly about it!
DAMDOS: What?
JULIE: Bakugan and humans can be even more than friends.
They can be family! Just look at the Brawlers!
JULIE: I've stood alongside them as they've battled...
countless enemies, and saved the universe time and time again.
If you had been there there's no way you would question the bond
that exists between the Brawlers and their partner Bakugan.
It's real and it's incredible. But what's most important is...
that it can exist between all humans and Bakugan.
JULIE: So deep down you can't possibly believe all those...
things you've been saying. C'mon, admit it!
DAMDOS: Hah! You don't know what the heck you're talking about.
I can't wait to leave this place behind,
and get back to New Vestroia.
JULIE: Are you really going to sit there and pretend like...
you're going to flee back to your old home planet?
Sorry Damdos, but I just don't believe it.
DAMDOS: Believe what you want. It's true.
JULIE: But so many have already left.
DAMDOS: That's right. They were the smart ones.
JULIE: If you really believe that then why...
are you still here, huh? Tell me.
DAMDOS: I don't have to tell you anything!
Now for the last time, leave me alone!
JULIE: You stubborn ape! Just admit you're here because...
you want to be!
DAMDOS: What did you call me?
CLOWN: All of this bickering just proves my point.
JULIE, RUNO and DAN: [gasp]
CLOWN: It's unnatural for Bakugan and humans to coexist.
CLOWN: It's time you accept this fact.
DAN: Why don't you mind your own business, clown.
RUNO: Hey who are you, really?
CLOWN: [chuckle rising into laughter]
CLOWN: [grunt]
DAN: Wiseman!
JULIE and RUNO: [gasp]
DRAGO: What? REPTAK: Huh?
WISEMAN: What's wrong Kuso? You look surprised to see me.
WISEMAN: And here I thought you'd be excited to face me...
in battle once more.
Hmmph.
WISEMAN: Humans and Bakugan will never live together...
as long as I'm around!
DAN: It's time to send Wiseman packing again, Drago!
DAMDOS: You're not welcome here, Wiseman!
WISEMAN: Hmmph.
DAN: You wanna fight? Let's do this you...
JULIE: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: Whoa!
JULIE: Okay Wiseman, this is your chance, it's time to tell
all the people of Bakugan City why it is, you believe that...
humans and their friends, the Bakugan, shouldn't live...
together in peace and harmony.
RUNO: What the heck is Julie doing?
DAN: That creep's not gonna tell you anything!
JULIE: I've got this under control.
WISEMAN: Sorry, but I don't give interviews.
So stand back and let's get on with things.
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Stand!
WISEMAN: Hmmmph!
WISEMAN: Rise Pyrus Spatterix!
SPATTERIX: Hmmmmph!
WISEMAN: Rise, Subterra Stronk!
STRONK: Haaaaaaaah!
DAMDOS: Hey! Quit messing up my yard!
SPATTERIX: Pipe down!
DAMDOS: You're gonna pay for that!
STRONK: Haaaaaaaah!
DAMDOS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
JULIE: Damdos! No!
WISEMAN: That's what happens when you stick your nose...
in other people's battles.
DAMDOS: Oooomph!
DAN: Aw snap! Are you okay?
DAMDOS: Yeah, but that's gonna leave a mark.
DAN: You lousy, creep!
WISEMAN: Save your anger for the battle.
DRAGO: Let's do this!
REPTAK: Ya!
RUNO: Hey Dan, I'll be right back. I've got an idea.
DAN: Sounds good. Julie, stand back okay?
JULIE: No! It's a journalist's job to report the news,
no matter how dangerous. Besides it's a great opportunity...
to highlight Bakugan and humans working together.
Which is the whole reason we're here today!
DAMDOS: Not this again!
DAN: Okay, just try and not get in our way while...
we take this guy down for good.
DRAGO: Ready, Reptak?
REPTAK: Just say the word guys, and it's on.
SPATTERIX: Don't get too cocky, punks.
Just because you got the best of us last time,
doesn't mean you'll do it again.
STRONK: Yeah! We're gonna crush you!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Baku Skyraider, Jump!
DAN: Go Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
SPATTERIX: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Go, Haos Reptak!
REPTAK: Hmmmph!
STRONK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SPATTERIX: Oooomph! STRONK: Oooomph!
WISEMAN: Nice opening Kuso. Simultaneous Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Deathring Shot!
SPATTERIX: Haaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Haken Scryd!
STRONK: Huuuaah!
DAN: My turn now!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Trasher!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Spar Hook!
REPTAK: Haaaaaaaaah!
DAMDOS: They're fighting with everything they've got!
JULIE: That's what I'm talking about! Go get 'em!
CROWD OF PEOPLE: [concerned murmuring]
MARUCHO: Hmmm? Hey check it out, it's Reptak and Drago!
JULIE: This is Julie reporting to you from the scene of...
the latest battle against Wiseman!
JULIE: Where Dan Kuso, Drago and Reptak are fighting...
for humans and Bakugan alike!
CROWD OF PEOPLE: [screams]
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Mortal Howler!
SPATTERIX: I'm coming to destroy you!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Fusion Shield!
SPATTERIX: That won't work, fool!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Drago!
REPTAK: Now Dan!
DAN: Yup!
Ability activate!
DAN: Reptak Cannon!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Landtude!
REPTAK: Hmmmmph!
STRONK: I'm gonna rock your world!
REPTAK: Uh-oh! [grunt]
REPTAK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Whoa! Reptak!
JULIE: Oh no!
MAN A: They're tearing Bakugan Land apart!
LITTLE BOY B: Mommy, I'm scared!
SPATTERIX: We've got these insects now Stronk!
Let's finish them off!
STRONK: Take it easy, I hear ya!
SPATTERIX: Bakugan Fuse!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: You'll never stop us now!
DRAGO: [gasp] They've combined!
WISEMAN: Combined Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Maxtreme!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh! REPTAK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Drago! You have to combine too!
DRAGO: Right! Got it!
WISEMAN: Not so fast, you!
Combined Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Megasplendor!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Hmmmph!
DRAGO: Hmmmph! REPTAK: Whoooa!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Stay still, you little cockroaches!
REPTAK: [grunt, pain reax] DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Oh maaaan!
JULIE: No! Drago! Reptak!
You, you have to fight back before he...
[screams]
DAN: Julie!
JULIE: [gasp] [grunt]
JULIE: [shriek]
DAMDOS: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: [gasp]
DAMDOS: Are you okay?
JULIE: Yes, thanks.
DAMDOS: Boy this thing is heavier than I remember.
JULIE: Oh, Damdos!
DAMDOS: We worked too hard to build this place!
I'm not gonna let them destroy it!
LITTLE BOY B: [happy gasp] He's awesome!
WISEMAN: This is starting to bore me!
WISEMAN: Combined Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Power Ditch!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Haaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: What? [grunt, pain reax]
REPTAK: What's happening? [grunt, pain reax]
REPTAK: My energy's draining.
DAN: You have to get up guys! Come on!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: It's hopeless, Kuso!
Nothing can nullify my Power Drain ability!
So just accept the fact that your puny Bakugan are doomed!
WISEMAN: As much as I'm enjoying this, we should put them...
out of their misery.
WISEMAN: Say goodbye now, Ability...
[gasp]
DAMDOS: [grunt, exertion reax]
WISEMAN: The way you cling to this foolish dream...
makes me so sick!
DAMDOS: [grunt, pain reax] Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
JULIE: [shriek]
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Haaaaaaaah!
DAN: Stop! I'm the one you're battling, Wiseman!
WISEMAN: He's the one that stepped into the ring,
so this is what he gets for interfering.
RUNO: Coordinates, locked on.
RUNO: Battle Suits, teleport: Defendtrix to Drago
RUNO: Combustoid, over to Reptak!
DAN: Hmmm? Look!
DRAGO: Huh? REPTAK: Hmmmph!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: I'm gonna teach you a lesson...
for getting in our way!
DAMDOS: Oh-no!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: [rising mighty roar]
JULIE: [gasp] DAMDOS: [gasp]
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Ready?
COMBINED SPATTERIX: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Nice one! Thanks for the help, Runo!
RUNO: [giggles] Anything I can do to help...
the team out!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: That's it! Stay on him guys!
DRAGO: Right! REPTAK: Right!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Whooooa!
Oooomph!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Is that all you've got?
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Now I'm really mad!
Haaaaaaah!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: [angry, frustrated grunt]
DRAGO: Where are you going? We're just about to show you...
REPTAK: ...the full power of our Battle Suits!
COMBINED SPATTERIX: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SPATTERIX: Oooomph! STRONK: Oooomph!
WISEMAN: Their combination's broken!
DAN: That's it guys! Finish 'em off!
DRAGO: You bet! REPTAK: You bet!
RUNO: Energy charge at one hundred percent!
DAN: Engage!
DRAGO: Aaaaarrrrggggh!
SPATTERIX: No, no, no, noooooooo!
STRONK: This is gonna hurt!
WISEMAN: [grunt, exertion reax]
STRONK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh! SPATTERIX: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
WISEMAN: Blasted Battle Suits, I should've destroyed...
those things first.
DAN: [grunt]
JULIE: Dan!
DAN: Julie, are you alright?
CROWD OF PEOPLE: [cheers, excited voices]
JULIE: What's everyone doing here?
MARUCHO: You have your news report to thank for that.
SHUN: They saw your coverage and wanted to come help.
JULIE: Are you serious? For realz?
SHUN: That's right.
MARUCHO: Mmm-hmm. You moved them.
JULIE: Wow, that is so totally amazing.
CROWD OF PEOPLE: Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
[wild cheers]
SHUN: Thanks to Julie, trust and goodwill between humans...
and Bakugan has been restored.
MARUCHO: No kidding. In fact, I don't think I'd be exaggerating
if I said that the bond that existed before this...
is now stronger than ever.
JULIE: It's this humble reporters opinion that if...
humans and Bakugan stick together,
Wiseman will be toast in no time.
DAMDOS: Are you still talking Julie!
JULIE: [gasp] [laughter]
CROWD OF PEOPLE: [laughter]
RUNO: Take it easy guys, I think the winner today...
has got to be Julie.
DAN: Ya, ya, I hear that Runo I couldn't agree more.
JULIE: This is your favourite roving reporter Julie,
signing off from Bakugan Land!
CROWD OF PEOPLE: [ooohs & ahhhs, cheers]
DAN: We had all just given up hope of ever seeing Gunz again
when suddenly he appeared one stormy day.
Unfortunately, he had no memory of what had happened to him
during his disappearance but we didn't worry about it too much.
We were all just glad to see him alive and well.
It wasn't long before things got crazy again with Wiseman
and his Mechtogan showing up. The timing was so strange
we all wondered if Reptak was right.
Was Wiseman really Gunz in disguise? If I told you what
we'd discover you'd never believe me,
so you better tune in yourself to check it out.
One thing's for sure, the battle you're gonna see
is gonna totally blow your mind!
[MUSIC]